here we are with a hands-on with the
blackberry z10 flip show we have a red
and a white show it's also available in
black so this is the full retail
packaging for the shells you can see
that's for the z10 it's NFC friendly key
features of the shell is it provides
full protection front and back and it's
got a dual angle stand so let's open
this up and show you what you actually
get here so inside the retail packaging
you get it packaged up again in a bit of
plastic and it's the blackberry flip
show and this one's red you've got the
part number if we pull that out like so
it shows us how the case sort of works
there on how we can actually stand it up
so it can pull that out and here it is
so this is the red one you've got the
blackberry logo embossed in the lower
right corner you can see how you've got
flex in the front cover so down the
middle there that comes round to the
side attaches to the back of the case
and this is like a polycarbonate plastic
shell which clips round the z10 itself
you can see we've got cut out for the
camera and the main controls on the
sides on the top of the device but the
corners remain protected this is sort of
soft to the touch inside you've got this
soft sort of microfiber lining there you
go you can see how all attaches and
feeds through here to the plastic shell
where it's it did strongly complete
bring in a z10 and just pop that into
the show like so it clips in quite
comfortably I can close up like so
so it's not adding much weight or bulk
to the device still got access to the
camera two controls on the top etc so it
opens up like so and it's detecting when
the case is opened and closed and it's
switching on the screen or indeed
turning it off so you see it's turned it
off there open it up turns it back on
and then with this case you can flip it
around like so so you can stand up on a
desktop so you can sort of see how
that's all bent round and you can kind
of put that up at the ideal viewing
angle you know you might even go to play
around with it like so to get the best
sort of set up for yourself but you've
got lots of movement and options in the
way you mount it on a desktop so that's
it sir in red I will just show you the
white one as well completely same
principle you've got of white show in
this case so I should just show you how
these flip shells are also NFC friendly
so I can have the device on and in the
case and I can take my NFC tag hold it
up to the back of the phone and you can
see that it's detected even though we've
got this case so i can show you again
I'll just hold that there get the
message on screen set to read the tag
and there we go that's it so using an
NFC tag when in the case so that is the
NFC friendly flip show for the
blackberry z10